in our segment notions of equestrian
one of the most important requirements
for a race thoroughbred
it is the permission of the practices of
chair
the equestrian team in moments had
one morning behind the splitter
automatic let's see what happened
one of the main requirements for
the official participation or the debut of
a sample of careers are the
teaching practices
a qualified personnel belonging to the
body of grooms work from
early in the automatic splitter
let's know a little more of what
happens one morning with the departure of the
sunlight behind the cat
how
There are opportunities in which
horses behave somewhat unruly and
the grooms go into action with
some tricks and some implements
needed to dominate these huge
Exemplary weighing approximately to
950 pounds or more
here work and we consist in
teach the enclaves by one when
it's going to hit us
sometimes they come here to teach them to
break well enter well and do not disturb
when they go to the race we
we work here from 6 to 9 in the morning
the important while low that I
I grab when they get here to the chair and
came in with it and I keep it
there to place I can go straight and
can give their good departure but when
change come the web program I give
turn back
good today to teach them that locals have
what to enter
and also a very risky job
because we are teaching on horseback that
they are like starting to work for the
others
well my name is javier carrión is a
panama ethics team I already have 5
years I was collaborating I'm like to
learn in the morning I dedicate myself to depart
here as a horse to brake or
professional since I have enough
experience about this I currently have
a policeman in the hand who are used to
when the keys are too re
green are too rebellious this is
This applies applies the come is
they put their ear down their hair they love
he asks for a bit of this second if he goes
he hurt himself to learn a rider and the
pretty cds with this is for faces it
They use horses when they are very
scared that they do not want to enter matches
pieces are afraid or something is going to happen
he covers his face was blindfolds
so that he loses fear from the
moment he blindfolds no longer sees
is helpless then to learn or
you can put it in and go easy when
he enters he takes off the face cover of a
time
that village that nothing has happened to it
is the operation of this
the catches are practiced in
mostly by horses that are
debut or debut or for a
copy with problems at the time of
leave at an official event
we are the match right now
automatic with an electrical device all
I worked electromechanically this is
this works in this way then
active I already have all his
working there is up active while
barely active the doors close and
what is here
it closes here and I'm going to the
war here is the image of a magnet
that is here and you can observe the
Imam this that has stuck this that has
stuck once
to the door you can use manual
press with current also with him with
the cable what the web split
decide but always in the race you use
with the cable because he has the
visibility from far to observe
the horses as they are inside
the practices of catteries are without a doubt
some a vitally important detail
for a racing horse and every morning
a good movement of
specimens that are prepared for their
future races a horse with a bad
starting in an official race has to
make a double effort to recover
that inconvenience that take advantage of
other rivals and sometimes up
it costs the victory to any copy